hey guys and girls how are the day
today I hope you are super well and then
good guys today we are here in this
long-awaited game so linear that everyone
Well I think that many are waiting
I recorded it here with two
regards
how are we good gentlemen the truth
is very bacano was I liked
quite not not so much for let's say the no
be as much as I liked the
gameplay this is great the
graphics I do not know I do not know how how to
explain that is the look or the
mobility the camera or is administered are
cubes but it is general and good is the
Graphic design is perfect that's
good is perfect the last in
graphics technology but good guys
this video, more than anything, is not going to be very
long on keywords but to tell them
that is coming soon soon
we will have the series that we are going to make of
club world consell dukes with nobody and
with the gamer we will start playing
the four this game so cool up
the moment today I support today we buy it and
Truth is fantastic it had
bought bought
I bought did not buy it for two or
three days but the truth is great
guys or today I bought it today
the same is definitely worth it
so before we start we're
waiting for it to be ready nacho is already
we are waiting for events we are going to
see when we bring you an excellent
gameplay of this today we are going to
search for
Wednesday we are in the pig server
in mine is nominating it looks a lot like
to the maps as you can see the map
you can get anywhere better
said 10 points I give 10 points in
graphics to the fire but not because either
super well the 3d and do not have pictures or
that is not pixelated but by the form or
be the animations are very well
made the texts is not not fantastic and
you order fantastic, I have to follow
back towards these cells and that
we will achieve it gets dark the
monsters artificial intelligence
it's great
not everything is really that impacted
a long time ago he did not call me so much
attention play a game how is that
you're sad story that tonight
know because today they have seen what it looks like
good day the dow is over there but it
It looks great, well, I'm going out here
very good is doing days
it's me it's being made of diaz on 2
nine o'clock at night I know
that almost we'll find us at
less today conceived in
santiago what the game is about
imagine the is of space graphics
improved
with more minecraft for the open world and
put a rpg game because it has the
level I do not know how to explain it in
fusion to walk on next of space and
minecraft and it's something like light
our gifts see that I would try to have
kill a monster
the ship probability I have to kill a
monster is chasing me
few very few you see that the tele metro
does not run runs runs runs
Lady me
no no no
let's take a witch
I did not die is not that the funniest thing
come back and next side I would refer to the side is
the way there is a horse
you can catch one of the horses
but now it's not illiterate it 's in
'passion' is a very future egg
look what it has being in good day
here we can at the bonfires we can
cook our food I do not know where you are
well I am rasa I do not sink to I am
a warrior and a unique map because they stick
beard is so good help of
kill me
the team is impossible to see the advantage
is that we are very close already we arrived
we hope that tonight the brightness at
video so you can see it well but
at night you can not see
nothing I'm crap for god I'm going to go to
the one you're watching follows my voice
dale dale I'll wait for you at the soy bonfire
and next to a campfire is going to examine
well I can cook this if what I
I said right now in the kitchen the good thing in the
facing the front you're already fantastic if
it is a combination
these guys that these little animals that are
but hey guys it's fantastic
definitely what I liked the most
is the playability the gameplay and the
animations that is because they are game
cubes but it's very well worked is the
who told me that six years
has been working in this game on
creator is an indie game totally in
16 years we are this type of pompadour
with a bow in the back and look at me
want to like me
look at the background
but it does not matter
efe
I have a good torch, there is the stamina
we had counted we can climb
walls no gentlemen is the first impression
I have not played the game
in the same as the castle measure the
boxing and level 1 of the show that finished
create the character my brother I already saw it to
my brother
I almost died what is that
damn witch
one
run and good teams you can not kill
it's really a knock element a
knock
she an experience well
good gentlemen here we leave the following
peak chapter will be that entering the
castle and maybe reach level 2
because what are you going to do level 1 ring your
place
if we sleep it becomes day
with much but time goes faster and
then let's wait minimapa meeting and it 's
that looks fantastic will serve as it looks
during the day, I recommend you
Investigate if you already had a video of
this game
upload a first video yes yes so that what
see guys to see it maybe what
leave in the description already I think that
I do and they also have a tutorial for
online
It is worth good then so that
go to the heat channel below in the
description that makes the dukes and come back
the guys here I say goodbye thanks for
have seen the video of today we
we see in another upcoming video and turns
because this style where the floor but in
the boy guys and until next time
Students goodbye